I would recommend that you eat a tomato
every day so I try to include him in
everything especially in the omelets
because now you've got your protein
you've got your carbohydrate which is a
complex carbohydrate and they combined
it perfectly together
so let's show them what we're coming up
with here we've got the greens we've got
the tomatoes and we've also chosen some
black beans I think Chris talked about
why you chose black beans for this I
chose the black beans because they're
high in fiber very high in fiber very
low in calories so gives you the feeling
of fullness without the calories so it
actually turns into a complete meal
because now you have lean protein from
your eggs you have your high fiber from
your black beans and also you have your
H fighting foods which is in your greens
here and we're only talking again about
a few a few ingredients it's not an
elaborate recipe but at the same time
like you said you're getting perfect
amount of complex carbohydrates you're
getting a perfect amount of protein yep
and this meal is actually very
satisfying which is one of the reasons
why Michael chose this because a lot of
people I talked to especially if they're
trying to lose weight they're trying to
maintain their weight one of the biggest
challenges is maintaining that the what
we call the sadie factor it seems like
people are feeling hungry all the time
you go so you got feeling of fullness
and you get that feeling of illness from
your protein and from the fiber in your
black beans so all the meals I try to
incorporate protein and your fiber so to
give you that fullness without the
calories exactly and that's what the the
simple sugars and the pastries and stuff
are not going to give you exactly you're
not going to give you that they're gonna
bring in a lot of you know fat
cholesterol and the sugar that you don't
need this is a great tasting meal off
Wow
look at that look how much food is on
that plate I mean you're about 90
calories really 390 calories in it
literally covers the place you're
actually consuming a lot of food but has
a low calorie factor which helps in
curbing the appetite that food is gonna
stay with you for a long time and it's
actually to give the energy to get
throughout the day that's an amazing
preparation and how long did that take
chef Liz chef Liz only took a few
minutes to preparation and if you look
at the recipes which will provide you
with those recipes we're only talking
about a few ingredients the preparation
for this only took minutes and then it
only took a few minutes to actually cook
them
so you can be out the door if you needed
this for breakfast you could be out the
door in a matter of probably 15 minutes
absolutely this is fantastic fantastic
great job